getting bread isn't an easy task in Gaza
as bbasi walks long distances to get to
a bakery that's still
operating she's among thousands of
people desperate for food in Northern
Gaza despite the recent arrival of
supplies of Aid the risk of famine is
still
high I'm a woman on my own my father is
an old man and he can't come every day
to walk these long distances to buy
bread I have young girls and I have to
feed them the situation is difficult I
can't wait until someone brings them
food desperate to feed her family Asma
takes risks during her daily trip to the
bakery she walks through areas turned
entirely into Rubble after months of
Relentless Israeli
bombardment before the war we had
everything there was plenty of flour
meat vegetables and all supplies now a
can of tuna is impossible to find and so
is rice and other necessities
this Bakery is now relying on supplies
of flour and fuel from the United
Nations world food
program as soon as it opened its doors
the bakery was overwhelmed by large
numbers of
people we have around five branches we
were forced to shut down as a result of
the violent strikes on the Gaza Strip
and the aggression that occurred thank
God we were able to reopen the bakery
after roughly 172 days of its closure
with help from the world food program as
well as International efforts at the
start of the war Israel announced a
total blockade of Gaza Aid has been
allowed into the strip recently but
remains limited Aid agencies warn a
humanitarian disaster may be inevitable
Their Fear famine is imminent in the
Northern parts stuff running the
bakeries face huge challenges in getting
supplies of aid but despite the risks
they say they will continue working to
ensure bread reaches families in
desperate need hash Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer